hey what's up I'll leave you alone
forever now you know this one girl with
hair like this yes that's Ramona Flowers
she's out of your league you know her
tell me now she just moved here God job
at amazon I have to order something
really cool Scott are you waiting for
the package you just ordered maybe scott
pilgrim hi i was thinking about asking
you out but then i realized how stupid
that would be proportionally said you
want to go out sometime so yeah eight
o'clock come to this battle of the dance
thing yeah we're terrible yes sir phil
gramm 9 Ramona's first evil ex boyfriend
what
wait we're fighting over a moment didn't
you get my email explaining the
situation I skimmed it so what you're
saying is we are dating does that mean
we can make out feel the wrath of the
League of Evil excess Ramona dated twins
if you want something bad you have to
fight for it step up your game sky break
out the l word lesbian the other l word
matt grumps
what are you doing getting a life you
want to fight me for her why on earth
would you want to do that because I'm in
love with her scott pilgrim vs the world